Need to write the user guide better. Need a getting going separate help entry and also a keyboard shortcuts doc with shortcut control slash.
Can I make github present a nicer web page where people can download the latest releases from?
Do we cope with both part wise and time wise music xml?
Need to declare that opuses are not catered for when loading an opus tag.
Try a offset feature where the regions are updated either ahead or behind the playback of sounds, or indeed, do not refresh the regions during playback at all.
Implement an f12 feature which announces what each keystroke does when pressed. Is it easy to allow people to define their own shortcuts?  Need a default factory settings to revert to.
Rearrange the default attributes so the order is step, octave, duration, bar, position part, stave, voice.
If the user adds the octave from the attributes list to the note list, and it immediately follows the step attribute, append just the number to the step.  So C"C, octave 4" becomes "C4".  
If the step is not present or follows  the octave, or there is another attribute between step and octave, then do the usual display. e.g. "C, midi 60, octtave 5"
Can file open remember the last folder rather than defaulting to the same original folder
surfacing region 5 data better
Generally want option to add region 5 items to note list as well. Crescendo start, crescendo end. 
Is there a difference between score text and stave text?  Is score text generally just at the beginning?
How to distinguish between text meant just for one part instructions meant for all staves?
If add octave to note region, make sure it does not say octave but C5. Or c sharp 5.
stripping announcement of attribute name during playback
Really want to condense  down to as few midi channels as possible because I've come across scores with 16 instruments.
If a stave has only one voice, then no point opening it in the parts view and no point having "Add attribute to voice" etc.
The performance summary report should not list something if there are zero occurances.
Possible ducking of midi when speech recognition is on.
Need to understand so many of the entries in the performance report and those that occur as searchable things in the find dialogue e.g. cascassi etude 2.
* Think the glitch i hear at start up is a real problem. is very noticeable when on speakers. and sometimes the quality of the midi rendering is crackly. or is this only when running from command prompt?
Need to review file formats; midi 0 and ultimate guitar need assumptions about bars revisiting.
* A mute option so midi is not played. - can do this by setting score to 0 volume  in the mixer so wait to see if this feature is requested later by others
Should play respect speed ups, slows down, louder, softer, trills. want option to play it straight 
Notes need to account for staff symbol e.g. a piano bass stave (without a treble) seems to play too high

