I need to revamp how performance information is surfaced to the user as it isn't working in practice currently.
This is information generally put in region 5 currently but I may touch on attributes as well.
The new general idea is to allow performance  info to be surfaced as text in the notes region.
In fact, the default will be for it to be on rather than off.
It probably needs a context menu like region 4 has.
Let's look at specifics. Start with bar lines.
A normal bar line currently has nothing and this will continue.  There is the existing option to make a sound when barlines are crossed.  No change.
I do want to add extra sounds though.  A single beep for an ordinary bar line.  Then a double short and single long for an end repeat, a single long and a double short for a start repeat, and a double short, single long and double short for a combined end and start repeat.
The end of system barline doesn't need anything as we already have the d'oh sound for this.
I remember you can also get a double ordinary barline.  Can't remember what this means.
In terms of surfacing to the note list, when the user is on the first event after a repeat start, "Repeat start" is an entry in the note list.
For the last event before a repeat end, the note list includes "Repeat end".
These can be triggered also by the combined end and start repeat barline.
Are there any other kinds of barlines I've missed?

Crescendos and i,diminuendos.
I'm talking specifically here about hairpins.
When the user is on an event where a crescendo hairpin ends, the note list includes an entry for "Crescendo end".
When the user is on an event where a crescendo hairpin starts, the note list includes an entry for "Crescendo start".
And similarly for diminuendo.  "Diminuendo start" and "Diminuendo end".
Now I believe it is possible for different instruments to have different hairpin indicators.  One instrument can be getting louder whilst another gets quieter.
Therefore, the hairpin indicators in the note list have to go immediately above the notes for that instrument.
Does music XML support hairpins specific to a stave? e.g. can a piano left hand have hairpins not meant for the right hand?

Some questions.
Does music XML distinguish between score level text and stave level text.
I would say score level text applies to all parts.  Score text then would come at the top of the note list (as well as being in region 5).
Stave text goes above the notes shown for that stave.

Codas and such.
All instructions like a coda, fine, de capo and all such variations now should be displayed as text in the note list by default.  Can be turned off from the performance region 5.

Pedals, barres, octave changes and anything else which can last for more than one event.
If there is a performance indicator that lasts for more than one time event, it is shown in region 5.  And by default is surfaced as a "Blah start" and "Blah end" in the note list.
Blah means pedal, barree, octave whatever.
If there is no duration for a performance indicator  I am slightly unclear what to do.  Should it stay in region 5 and be put into the note list with "Blah", no start or end text?

Planning.
I am after a review of the above by yourself to write a strategy document for managing performance indicators, and maybe articulations as well.
Produce an MD file in userPlans based on the above plus what we currently already do.
I'm after a consistent and logical approach to manage short and long performance indicators.
If possible, I'd like either an appendix or separate md that lists all music xml supported tags so I can review and decide where they fit in the strategy. 